(They're feeling excited after all shooting is done!)
JinSoul: Now I feel like I have come to the USA finally!!
JinSul: You know, I usually spend 5 days to adjust myself to the new environment!
JinSoul: Now, let's take a trip to the USA!
Kim Lip: Let's start!!
KIm Lip: This is how to choose.
Kim Lip: Look at that.
(5 days in the USA, SWAG)
KIm Lip: What's good?
Kim Lip: Steak!
Kim Lip: Cheese!
Kim Lip: This!
(This is how Kim Lip speaks English!)
JinSoul: Oksusu... Corn! Corn!
(*Oksusu means corn in Korean)
JinSoul: White sauce~
JinSoul: Cheeeese~
Choerry: You're good at English~
Choerry: Thank you~
JinSoul: All shooting in the USA was done so...
Choerry: It makes the food taste better.
Kim Lip: It makes me feel more comfortable.
JinSoul: Yeah. It makes me feel more relaxed.
Kim Lip: We still have the studio filming left in Seoul.
JinSoul: We will practice more!
Kim Lip: And try our best to show your our beautiful sides of us!
(Please looking forward to next Seoul episodes!)
Kim Lip: See you in Seoul~!